hello everyone I'm Alejandro Serrano from
computer to be hills you can
find in phase or dot fish
If you are company or professional or in boxes
external dotcom
if you are particular, I am here to
present the model of docking station
box and be 111 st and s2 a model for
connect two and a half hard drives or
three and a half take out our computer already
be mac pc or linux via usb 2.0 or esata
as their exits show their
subsequent exits in addition to
later exits usb 2 and it 's here what
that we are going to have is also the
switch on and off and the
power outlet power outlet
for the power adapter that we
bring directly from home
and we will also see what the cable brings us
Exact and USB 2.0 cable
to connect the hard drives the unit
it's extremely simple the only thing
we have to do if we have a view of
three and a half is to take the disc and once
plugged in our computer
because you as such and so it would be
fully connected on hard drive and what
we could
either to read or write we have a
two and a half disc
that easy
the box is made with a
with an external surface all in
aluminum and with a very white plastic
similar everything to everything that is the and
lukman on the top
otherwise small lightweight simple and
very easy to use I am Alejandro Serrano
you can find us in fashion fish
dotcom or dotcom external boxes
I hope you liked the video